Add landing page for 2023 Jodo Seminar (#37)
Hoshu-Dojo/hoshudojo.com: src/events/2023jodoseminar.md

    gasshuku-style event - an all-inclusive camp where we train, stay, eat, and socialize together.</p>

  <p>This year's camp will be held at Seattle University in Seattle, WA, from Thursday July 6th through Sunday July 9th, with
    training across two and a half days from Friday through Sunday. Both room and board will also be provided by Seattle U,
    with the exception of the "formal" camp dinner on Saturday night held at Olmstead Restaurant. There will be several options of
    rooms available with differing price ranges. While staying at Seattle U is not required, it is highly encouraged. Food is
    available at the university even if you are not staying there - but will need to be pre-registered.</p>

  <p>Read on for more information about the camp, including the seminar schedule, accommodiation, meals, and parking.</p>

  <p>We look forward to seeing you in July!</p>
</section>

<section>
  <p><a class="c-button registration"
        href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScAEBHP5Z_UEyR4qcUPEaxPzPXljhoJwsyzIooRw4cVCvXNAg/viewform"
        target="_blank"> Click
    here to
    register</a></p>

>   <p>Since this year's camp involves coordination with Seattle University, deadlines for registration and payment are
>     <b>Sunday April 30th</b> for Early Bird pricing, and <b>Friday June 9th</b> for regular pricing.</p>

Reviewer: I would suggest that the explanation for why there's a deadline is secondary to the point about there being a deadline. Something to the effect of...

```suggestion
  <h2>Registration deadline</h2>
  <p><strong>Early bird deadline:</strong> Sunday April 30</p>
  <p><strong>Final deadline:</strong> Friday June 9th</p>
  <p>Why is there a deadline? Because this year's camp involves coordination with Seattle University.</p>
```

Feels like there could be more of a reason there, but anyway the main thing is ensuring the dates are front and center.

Author: Yeah. I'll just list the deadlines, and leave the explanation out.

  <p>We will reach out to you via email after you have submitted your registration to confirm everything, sign a waiver, provide

>     payment totals and instructions, and let you know what to expect when you arrive. Please reach out to us at <a

Reviewer: Scanning through this document, it's a bit hard to tell what the cost is. You have to reference two sections to figure it out. Might be worth having a single section that lays out the cost options, separate from the details.

Something like...

```markdown
## Fees

The seminar fees include the following:

1. Early bird or regular pricing
2. Accommodation
3. Meal plan
```

I dunno. Food for thought, nothing critical.

Author: Good idea. Added a section.

    dialogue regarding the requested accommodation, if necessary. The University is not responsible for making the content of the
    seminar accessible to persons with disabilities, such as providing interpreters for the deaf or assistance to the
    vision-impaired.</p>

  <p>Please also note that Seattle University dining hall kitchens and the venue for Saturday night's dinner are not kosher or
    gluten free. Seattle University does have a station that avoids gluten but the kitchen still works with gluten in other areas.
    This may be okay for people avoiding gluten for dietary or philosophical reasons, but might cause problem for people with
    Celiac disease.</p>

  <p>Please let us know in the "Dietary and Special Accommodations" section of the registration form if any of this affects you so
    we can discuss arrangements.</p>

</section>

<section>
  <h2>Seattle University is a non-smoking campus</h2>

  <p>Smoking, vaping, and tobacco in any form are strictly prohibited everywhere on campus. Please find a public street off-campus
    to smoke, vape, chew tobacco, etc.</p>

> </section>

Reviewer: maybe including another copy of the "Register now" button down here would be good, so lazy people don't need to scroll back up.

Author: Good idea - Done.
